# Social Food Network

This exercise was created by us (`TheGraphSquad`).

The exercise consisted in:
1. Modeling and creating a graph database
2. Writing down some challenges to be executed on the database.

## Domain Description

This schema represents a graph database designed for a Social Food Network, where each user can upload their own
recipes, with the possibility for them to be reviewed and rated by other users.

When creating their profile, users can specify any allergens they are intolerant to, allowing them to search for
recipes that are not harmful to their health.

Recipes provide step-by-step instructions, also detailing the tools required to complete each step, as well as the
ingredients needed to prepare them.

Moreover, the system also includes a knowledge base of ingredients that can be substituted with others, in order to
accommodate users’ dietary preferences.

## DB model

The database model is generated by the [DB_Creation.cypher](./DB_Creation.cypher) script.

## Challenges

1. Return **recipes ordered by preparation time**.

2. For all the recipes, extract **the needed ingredients**.

3. List **users and the respective recipes they have created**.

4. Calculate **the average rating received for all the reviews**.

5. List, for all the users, **the recipes that they cannot make due to an ingredient**.  
   Return also the specific allergen (ingredient which the user is allergic to).

6. Count the **total number of operations (steps) planned in the pipeline of each recipe**.
   
7. Extract **the unique list of tools required by a recipe**.

8. Identify **the most cross-utilized ingredients** in the dataset.

9.  Calculate **the total calories derived from ingredients measured in grams for each recipe**.

10. Suggest **alternative ingredients with their relative confidence index** (match ratio).

11. Return **only the recipes that do not contain ingredients to which a specific user is allergic**.

12. Find **pairs of users who have positively rated** (rating $\geq$ 3) **the same recipes**.

13. Perform a logical integrity check: **isolate recipes where all ingredients have an explicit relationship towards a**
    **specific diet** (e.g., Vegan).

14. Identify potential anomalies or fraud in the rating system (e.g., **users reviewing recipes they created themselves**).

15. Find **the most voted reviews**.  
    Return, writer name, recipe title, comment and number of votes.